README.md, before:

# Data Engineer Interview Take Home Exercise

This exercise is about creating a relational schema and applying ETL logic to ingest the provided data.

3 csv data files will be provided to you with varying shapes. Your task is to identify a reasonable relational schema to ingest
data from all 3 files into.

You may choose to implement this exercise in either Golang or Python; the skeleton exercise for each language is provided
here alongside this readme. Pick one of them and implement the transform of the incoming data files and insert the records
into your provided sqlite schema.

The result of the exercise is the completed code logic as well as the sqlite db file which contains the applied schema (table created).

The next interview will build on your solution to this exercise, so be ready to defend your solution and enhance it!

## Not Required
- Tests
- Documentation
- Logging or anything more than basic error handling

## Submission
- Respond to the email you received for completing this exercise with:
  - Zip file containing the code and sqlite db file as well as any additional files you believe might be necessary or helpful
- We'll run it and prepare feedback for the next part of the interview (if applicable)

## Notes
- We expect this to take no more than 90 minutes, please try and limit your effort to that window.
- Anything extra (tests, other logic outside of the basic ETL) is not worth bonus points
- We truly value your time and just want a basic benchmark and common piece of code to use in future interviews.
- If we bring you in for in-person interviews we'll expand on this submission.

Commit message:

Update README to include notes about dummy data

README.md, after:

# Data Engineer Interview Take Home Exercise

This exercise is about creating a relational schema and applying ETL logic to ingest the provided data.

Three CSV files are provided in the `sample_customer_data` folder. Your task is to ingest these files into a reasonable simple relational schema. It may be important to note:
- These files represent uploads from three (fictionalized) Syndio clients. They contain data about (also fictionalized) employees at each client.
- You can assume the `employee_id` column is a globally-specific ID (if two rows have the same `employee_id`, they are referring to the same person).
- These files are denormalized; for the purposes of this exercise, please implement a simple normalized schema.
- These fictionalized companies may have included typing/naming errors when uploading their data.

You may choose to implement this exercise in either Golang or Python; the skeleton exercise for each language is provided
here alongside this readme. Pick one of them and implement the transform of the incoming data files and insert the records
into your provided sqlite schema.

The result of the exercise is the completed code logic as well as the sqlite db file which contains the applied schema (table created).

The next interview will build on your solution to this exercise, so be ready to defend your solution and enhance it!

## Not Required
- Tests
- Documentation
- Logging or anything more than basic error handling

## Submission
- Respond to the email you received for completing this exercise with:
  - Zip file containing the code and sqlite db file as well as any additional files you believe might be necessary or helpful
- We'll run it and prepare feedback for the next part of the interview (if applicable)

## Notes
- We expect this to take no more than 120 minutes, please try and limit your effort to that window.
- Anything extra (tests, other logic outside of the basic ETL) is not worth bonus points
- We truly value your time and just want a basic benchmark and common piece of code to use in future interviews.
- If we bring you in for in-person interviews we'll expand on this submission; don't spend too much time on individual minor decisions, as your overall thought process / architecture are most important.
